[bitnami/janusgraph] Add chart (#24621)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/janusgraph/README.md

    oci://REGISTRY_NAME/REPOSITORY_NAME/janusgraph
```

> Note: You need to substitute the placeholders `REGISTRY_NAME` and `REPOSITORY_NAME` with a reference to your Helm chart registry and repository. For example, in the case of Bitnami, you need to use `REGISTRY_NAME=registry-1.docker.io` and `REPOSITORY_NAME=bitnamicharts`.
> NOTE: Once this chart is deployed, it is not possible to change the application's access credentials, such as usernames or passwords, using Helm. To change these application credentials after deployment, delete any persistent volumes (PVs) used by the chart and re-deploy it, or use the application's built-in administrative tools if available.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
helm install my-release -f values.yaml oci://REGISTRY_NAME/REPOSITORY_NAME/janusgraph
```

> Note: You need to substitute the placeholders `REGISTRY_NAME` and `REPOSITORY_NAME` with a reference to your Helm chart registry and repository. For example, in the case of Bitnami, you need to use `REGISTRY_NAME=registry-1.docker.io` and `REPOSITORY_NAME=bitnamicharts`.

> > **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/blob/main/template/CHART_NAME/values.yaml)

Reviewer: Placeholder:
```suggestion
> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/blob/main/template/janusgraph/values.yaml)
```
